Dude.
[inaudible] it's Christmas time in the city and
rambling here.
[inaudible] it's Christmas time. I hate when they do it.
That part when they bend it like that, like they're talented, dude.
Don't be that. All I want for Christmas song is number one. Again.
Mariah Carey, dude. Mariah Carey, Mariah Carey, dude.
Okay.
What's her middle what's Mariah Carey's middle name is Mariah Carey. Do it.
1994. That check came out and she was just like, ah,
I'm on for a CRA who knew every year, dude,
every single year. That number one. That number one, dude.
Christmas is amazing, man. Mariah Carey, dude,
if I swear to God, if I get rich like that,
which won't happen because of this podcast, keeping me down.
If I get rich like that, dude,
I'm dressing like Mariah Carey with long flowy
gowns. I don't give a. I'll buy all green.
Only wear green for a year. I'll make up my own language.
Like straight up. No, you know what? I won't even do it. I'll be,
I'll just talk in tongues around people and people will be like,
what is he saying? And I'll just be like flat lipo, Ginny on flatly,
put jetty on and I'll get mad at people when they don't understand me.
What flatly put GT on at Starbucks? I don't know.
Just give them a coffee. I don't give a, dude.
I'll buy all the cars and just crash them slowly into Yvonne's just really
slowly into a Rite aid and then leave him there and get out and Uber some sub to
another, to my other car. I don't, I swear to God too. For real dude,
if you give me all the money changing is absolutely
changing these dorks with all this money, they don't do with it. Dude,
bill Gates is going to leave his kid 10 million. Oh dude. Get outta here.
Bill Gates. Leave your kid all the money, bro.
I can't even tell you if I had so much. If I had of course,
no dunce naturally I've got no dunks,
but if I had that bill Gates money that creme de LA creme,
right? Steve jobs, of course he died rest in peace. But if I had that,
Oh man, black mock turtlenecks out the window,
dude, I'm wearing no shirt. I'm wearing no shirt and
it. A Speedo I'll wear a Speedo dude.
People will be like, Oh you got that from Bert Kreischer. And I didn't dude it.
How about this? When people say the way I do it, it hits different dude.
When people say that it hits this selfie hits different dude.
Shut up.
Oh, those real
time in the city. I want to do it.
Carol's Carolyn. I want to go caroling by myself.
I imagine that dude. Imagine.
You didn't go and caroling and there's just one 39 year old and he just.
Oh, Hey Lou. Yeah. [inaudible] hello? Yeah. Hello? Yeah. Hello? Hey Lou. Yeah.
And do it. And it's just me in no shirt with a chain.
Hello guys. How you doing?
Ma and I don't even know the words cause who knows the words.
Ma dough. We comes per rump up pump, um,
here, Higgs calming or ramp up pump. Um, Oh,
here they got a drummer. Boy comes a ramp up on,
um, he is so Holy labor, Rumba pump pompom,
Rumba, pump, pump, pump, pump, pump,
Liam in the beaning Baron.
Ah, dude, this is my life
I get why? Listen to this podcast to be brutally honest. I always say,
I don't know why I listen, but I get why. Cause I'm loosey goosey dude,
or we're having a silly goose time and you want to have that silly goose time,
but maybe you can't have that silly goose time because you got rules and you've
got work and you're sitting at a cubicle,
but I'll have the silly goose time for you.
And you listened to me and secretly just think about this dude. Secretly,
maybe you're with your family. Maybe you got your AirPods in at the gym.
Maybe you're at your cubicle. Maybe you're at a function.
And maybe you're listening to congratulations. Maybe you're listening to me,
but guess what dude, inside your heart,
inside that inside of your heart, inside the compartment of your,
like when I was a kid, I used to have a dream, a recurring dream and yeah,
it was weird dude that I go to sleep and then did I dream waking up and then
walking into my basement in New Jersey and walking into the laundry room and
then walking into a secret compartment into the laundry room.
And there was a seance. Yes. Did I even know what a sands was when I was seven?
No, but somehow dreamt it up there to Christ. However,
in that part of your heart in the you fall asleep and dream part of your heart
in the basement,
part of your heart in the inside of the secret compartment,
in the basement of your heart, that you dreamt up where you're having a science,
I know you're having a silly goose time doing it.
And I know maybe you can't live that way, but I'll have it for you.
Listen to me. And we'll escape.
We'll escape, dude. Me,
you Jeremy Renner and a few bikini babes.
And if you're a girl, I'll get some me.
You uh, Jeremy Renner and um,
some Argentinian guys, man, they're sexy. You ever see him?
Argentinian men have the best chest hair dude. Cause it's like a little bit,
but not too much. But when they work out, it looks good. Cause it's a little,
a little sweaty, but not mad at dude. I'd Argentinian guy. I swear to God.
If I was going to a guy,
it would be our Argentinian and he'd be six feet and a little bit hairy.